6 months to the day since the Hamas
Terror attacks on Israel vigils are
taking place around the world to
commemorate the victims in Jerusalem
thousands have gathered to remember the
1,400 killed and the more than 200
kidnapped they're also calling on the
government to bring home around 130
people still being held hostage in
Gaza our correspondent Aman essv joins
us now from a vigil taking place in jus
Jerusalem Aman it must be quite an
emotional Gathering what have you been
hearing this is a very somber Affair uh
the people gathered here well over a
thousand in Jerusalem but also a
thousand more in tviv and other cities
around Israel they've gathered to
commemorate to honor uh the hostages uh
those still held captive by Hamas over
130 still held captive uh we are hearing
testimony from families right now and
you can see the crowd behind me um it
goes on about 500 met behind me and
another few hundred meters in front of
me um we're hearing testimony from
families of those hostages still held
captive now they give often a very
somber account of what they've gone
through what their loved ones are going
through now but a lot of times these
accounts these testimonies end with the
chant bring them home now and when they
chant this there's anger in their voice
because a lot of people here in Israel
uh cannot believe that after six months
of War a very bloody war in Gaza uh that
these hostages have still not been uh
brought back
safely well Aman of course also taking
place this weekend are negotiations
between Israeli delegation and also
Hamas uh in Cairo um the aim is to
negotiate some sort of uh hostage
release deal temporary ceasefire what
can you tell us about what's happening
this
[Music]
weekend well the hostage negotiations
are um going to uh take place Israel is
actually going to send a delegation
which is not a given there have been
several occasions where Israel did not
send a delegation to these talks in
Cairo but some Israeli officials have
warned that uh by sending a delegation
they might get up the hopes to to to
raise the hopes of hostages families
without returning anything that's
because a lot of people a lot of
officials in Israel don't believe that
if hamas's demands remain the same uh
that there's any chance of a deal
Netanyahu has been very clear that if
Hamas continues to demand that troops
are withdrawn completely from Gaza
before any hostage deal goes through
before any release of Israeli hostages
uh that he would not agree to that so uh
there's some hope now that Israeli
delegation is going to Cairo that some
breakthrough might happen but a lot of
people still don't have hope that
anything um will happen in the near
future as long as netanyahu's government
is in power and as long as uh they're uh
um basically taking a hard line against
tamas that was our correspondent amian
essf in Jerusalem Aman thank you so much
for your
reporting joining us now is Alon G his
mother kerit was killed during the
October 7th attacks his wife yardan was
kidnapped and spent 54 days in captivity
in Gaza before being released but his
sister Carmel is still being held
hostage welcome to DW and thank you for
taking the time to speak to us what are
your feelings today on this six-month
anniversary of the Hamas Terror attacks
and the kidnapping of your family
members so hello uh
um we just saw a video that shows you
things that happened on October 7th and
after that and I just want to tell you
uh for you to understand that uh those
people at the party you saw them running
and some of them were murdered some of
them are my friends the uh uh the misses
that been shot at Israel in the last 10
years this is Miss that were appointed
at my family at at me and at me um for
many years when I lived in kibuts Berry
until October 7th
and the people that were kidnapped this
is my myself as well with my daughter
three years old geffin that was
kidnapped uh with me and with my wife
yardan and with my sister carel and with
my mother K that my mother K was
murdered in the kibo and my sister Kam
was kidnapped two guys
and your then that was kidnapped and was
released in the first humanitarian deal
so those those images that you see not
as just just random people this is this
is my family this is uh friends of mine
and this is what you need to understand
it's much more complex and much more um
um it's it's more complex than what what
you just see photo it's it's it's people
and what have been done in October 7
this is something that we and we can't
accept and we have to stop this uh this
violence that it's now in now in Israel
but later on it will continue to other
places I imagine you must have been
Overjoyed when your wife was released
from captivity but at the same time as
we've mentioned your sister is still
being held hostage somewhere in Gaza
have you had any sign of life or
received any information on her
condition
so about my sister camel uh the only
information we have is from other
hostages that were kidnapped with her
and that were released in the first
humanitarian deal uh the only deal that
was happened um and uh from them we
understood that they were together and
Kamel so uh when they exit the kibuts
Cel so the body of my mother lying in
her own pool of blood uh um that was
murdered the few minutes before and uh
from there they continue into Gaza STP
and they were uh they were locked in a
in a house with the terrorist and uh Cel
initiated their uh Yoga practices and
mindfulness and they wrote a diary
together and lifted one another uh up
when one was in a bad condition but
after 50 days they were released and the
door was shut behind Cam and C stayed
there by herself 39 years old
occupational therapist uh a woman that
are suffering there every
second six months on much of the
International Community is now focused
on the immense destruction in Gaza and
the suffering of Palestinian civilians
there do you feel that this has taken
attention away from the plight of the
hostages of course people need to
understand it first of all those people
those civilians in Gaza we don't want to
harm them we want the the best for them
and some of those people this is
families that used to work in kibuts B
and we I personally used to donate money
to those families uh for the PE for
their families in Gaza um until October
7th and um we care about them and you
need to understand that the
most uh humanitarian Cris that we have
in Gaza Strip This is the hostages that
are locked in basement in tunnels and
that there is sexual abuses and there is
a violence over there that we know that
there were was violence with the
hostages that were with carel that all
of them were suffering from violence
from the guards and it's continuing this
was 50 Day Day 50 and now we are in day
184 after half a year think about the
the the violence that going on over
there right now the sexual
abuses and this is something that we
can't accept and we need to release
those hostages as soon as possible this
is the first step of fixing the
situation in Gaza and to get rid of
Hamas which is a terrorist organization
that it's not just they are not pointing
at Israel uh only they told here then
that she was in captivity they told her
that Israel was only the beginning and
the rest of the western world is next
and when they understood that um she's a
German citizen they told her don't don't
worry in Germany we have a lot of Kamas
people and they will be next so this is
a a global radicalism Islamic uh
movement that uh they want to get to all
of the world and I'm not telling you
that to scare you but I think that the
next place could be here in Germany and
you need to understand that that Israel
can't be a president that nobody doing
anything about those oages that are now
in captivity and we need to take care of
that and this is the first step of
getting a relief and getting to a better
situation in Gaza so what do you think
needs to happen for Hamas to agree to
release your sister and all the other
hostages first of all this is the the
most humanic this the the natural thing
to do isn't it they already took
innocent people from their beds and draw
them into into Gaza and now they are
abusing them of course this is the the
the right thing to do is to release
theages and what we are going to Israel
is going to is going to give uh uh in
return terrorist that murdered people in
Israel this is the people that uh that
we are going to release and bring
instead of those hostages that are
innocent people and this is the the
situation that now we are don't have
other choice to agree on because they
are holding our beloved ones
that was Alan got a family member of
hostages still being held in Gaza thank
you so much for your time and all the
best for your family if I can add one
more
thing yes yeah go ahead um I just want
to to say that uh we are feeling the
support here in Germany um from the
German people and from the government uh
we are feeling the support uh towards
Israel and we are so appreciated uh for
that and um we I'm urging you to to keep
keep uh this support and helping us in
releasing those suest that mean to press
Hamas and to provoke Hamas uh on his
acts all right alen God many thanks
again for for your time thank
you and now many Is railers are
questioning their government staging
Mass rallies Saturday urging a deal to
release Hamas health hostages and
calling for new
elections tens of thousands blocked the
streets in Tel Aviv and across Israel
their anger pointed directly at the
country's leaders demonstrations against
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu and
his right-wing government were common
before the war and flared back up as the
conflict dragged
on a call for fresh elections growing
louder and more urgent we demand that
election will be set as soon as possible
because this government is doing
everything they can to destroy this
country the demonstrations are focused
on the safety and future of Israel while
not anti-war some protesters have voiced
unease with the way Israel has conducted
its assault on
Gaza this country must
exist we don't have another country but
we have to be a good country a moral
country that's that protects itself but
acts according to human
rights at the heart of the rallies is a
demand to free all remaining hostages
held in
Gaza as people gathered for a weekend of
protests Israel said Special Forces had
recovered the body of L Kia the
47-year-old died while held captive in
the Palestinian
territory his family say they believe he
could have been saved if the Israeli
government had struck a deal the
families of other hostages hope that
it's not too late for Israel to change
Tac and save their loved
ones